README.md, before:

# STM32 Reaction Wheel Development

This repo is used to store all development information for STM32 reaction wheel project.

## Components
- **MCU:** STM32F411CEU6 (Black Pill)
- **Motor:**  12V Pololu 37D, 10:1 gear ratio  
- **Motor Controller:** Roboclaw 2x7A
- **IMU:** MPU-6050
- **BLE:** HC-05

## Software Architecture
This project has been split up into several source files in an effort to abstract the core control logic from the specific hardware. The overall software archecture is described in the block diagrams below.

### Application Block Diagram
![Application Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Application.drawio.png)

### IO Block Diagram
![IO Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-IO.drawio.png)

### Processing Block Diagram
![Processing Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Processing.drawio.png)

### Control Block Diagram
![Control Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Control.drawio.png)

Commit message:

Feature/4 develop motor controller api (#13)
* Organized Resources folder

* Created inverted pendulum simulink model

* Added docs for new motor and controller. Added some logic to control initialization angle and gyro reset angle.

* Moved location of new motor and controller Datasheets

* Got code working for new STM32F407 project

* Added CANalyzer project files

* Created VESC CAN driver. Added functionality to drive with IMU.

* Added F407 eval board Datasheet

* Updated main README

---------

Co-authored-by: Austyn Loehr <aloehr@prattmiller.com>

README.md, after:

# STM32 Reaction Wheel Development

This repo is used to store all development information for STM32 reaction wheel project.

## Components
- **MCU:** STM32F407VG (STM32F407G-DISC1), will change with final PCB
- **Motor:**  REV Neo 550 (Brushless)
- **Motor Controller:** VESC EDU
- **CAN Transceiver:** NXP TJA1051/T3
- **IMU:** MPU-6050
- **BLE:** HC-05

## Software Architecture
This project has been split up into several source files in an effort to abstract the core control logic from the specific hardware. The overall software archecture is described in the block diagrams below.

### Application Block Diagram
![Application Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Application.drawio.png)

### IO Block Diagram
![IO Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-IO.drawio.png)

### Processing Block Diagram
![Processing Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Processing.drawio.png)

### Control Block Diagram
![Control Block Diagram](Resources/BlockDiagrams/STM32_Reaction_Wheel_Architecture-Control.drawio.png)
